These are 3D models for some knobs for Heathkit equipment.

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
International License.
See https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

knob-medium: Medium sized knob used on test equipment and radios like
the Heathkit HR-10B.

knob-large: Large sized knob used on test equipment and radios like
the Heathkit HR-10B.

knob-small: Small sized knob used on test equipment and radios like
the Heathkit HR-10B.

pointer: White pointer that is mounted under the large knob on some
models.

knob-medium-concentric: Medium sized knob designed to have the small
knob mounted concentric to it. The center knob is usually coloured
red.

The .scad files are the original OpenSCAD files that were created by
hand. The .stl files were generated from OpenSCAD and are suitable for
loading into your 3D printer/slicer software, such as Cura.

They are intended to be printed using a 3D printer. I have had good
results with these using LulzBot Mini and Prusa i3 printers. Use the
highest quality, but don't expect the quality to be the same as the
original knobs.

You should print these using support material. After printing, remove
the support material. I used 20% infill. You may want to use 100% on
the small knob. You may need to file the hole for the shaft slightly
to get it to fit. An 8-32 set screw (6-32 for the small knob) of
suitable length is needed to tighten the knob on the shaft. For the
knobs that have pointers, you can apply some white paint on the
pointer.

I used PLA material. You can experiment with other materials. ABS, for
example, could potentially be treated with acetone to make the knobs
smoother.

To Do:

Small knob should have a pointer.

Add additional knobs, like the concentric medium and small versions
used on some signal generators and power supplies.
